Strings in Java, strings in Java, objects that are backed internally by a character audit.
Since all these are immutable and cannot grow, strings are mutable, immutable as well.
Whenever a change or a to a string is made, an entirely new string is created.
Okay, so string is internally corrected authorities.
So you can see your if the string is gigs here it is the character ending with slash zero.
So character array in its zero to understand where the string ends.
Okay.
And this is the address of the array and you can use the indexes here, right?
The syntax for this is a type the specify the type that is string specify the variable name equal to
the interval course.
You can specify the string with which you want to do initially.
So here is the example.
String estimate is equal to two way automated.
Okay, so this is about string.
And now let's see a simple example about string.
This is example where we have initialized the string string as is equal to two.
We automated we are printing this string.
Okay, we are declaring the string with new operator.
See there are two different these two declared a string.
You can check here.
We can use this as is equal to clear sign and we can use a new operator that is a new leg.
We create object of the class.
Right this way we can also initialize the street.
We will see what is the difference when we are very clear sign and what is the difference.
So there is a basic difference with the storage and memory allocation inside JVM here.
Okay.
Then we are printing the value of S.
Well, in both the case, it will print the same value.
However we declare, let us sit on this.
Okay so the declaration but can we do this and what is.
Well the this too is how they are different that we will cover in the next example.
So now let's learn more about strings and the string classes and interfaces which we use.
Get to interfaces and classes in strings.
That is a parable for class.
This class implements the car to sequence interface.
This class is used to allow character buffers to be used in place of character sequences.
But an example of such you said you can see in regular expression.
Okay.
That is 30 gigs of baggage provided by Java.
In Java that we get string class string is a sequence of characters in Java.
Objects of string and mutable, which means a constant and cannot be changed once created like we saw
string before string.
The four is a pure class of a string that provides much of the functionality of strings.
The string represent fixed length, immutable character sequence.
Light string buffer is little web and it is right developed.
So there are multiple use cases of string for how you can use it.
Because when you create a string or declare a string, you cannot grow the particular thing you have
to create.
If you change anything in that the completely new string is created but in single form the right operations.
You couldn't grow that.
It did that.
Okay, so this is the difference between string and string before string builder.
The string builder in Java represents a mutable sequence of character.
Right?
Since the string class in Java create immutable sequencing, builder class provides the alternative
of the string.
Okay, so this is also C means we can write this, we can grow this, we can open to this, we can go
and get to this, right?
So we can grow this too.
So mutable and alternative of does string plus what is string organizer?
String organizer class in Java is used to break a string into the three tokens.
Write a string tokenized object internally, maintain a current position within the string to be tokenize.
Okay, some operations advance this current position past.
The characters are open as written by taking the substring of the string that was used to create the
tokenizing object.
So many of many times there are used pieces where we want to pass a string and separate the string based
based on a column, a semicolon or comma or space.
And we want to make tokens out of it, or you can make the substring out of it.
And utilizing the opcode for further processing for this kind of use is this string token that is used.
Okay, so now we will see memory allocation industry.
Okay.
Why this memory allocations are different.
So before coming to this notice to understand the code and then come back to this.
Okay.
Same story.
So here, if you can see we have strong S1 and S2 where we are directly initializing to a stream and
we have S3 and S4 where we are using new operator like the initial is the object and we are sending
the string and we are printing the values of this land in a string instrument.
As for all these things, we will bring the same values, but the memory allocation inside JVM is different
for all these things.
How it is different, let's see that.
Okay, so now you know as when an S2 we initialized with equal to sign, then we initialize a new string
with equal sign, then it goes into a string constant.
I mean, for both of these S1 in the store, it's pointing to the same memory location where the string
is same, right?
But in case of S3 and S4, where we use new operated every time a new memory location is created, even
though the string that you referenced string is C it's all this memory is created inside the heap for
job added.
So here if you use equal to operator, then the string constant pool is used.
If the string is already present, it will just point.
So as you will point to the same location, memory, location will not create any new member relocation,
but in this case it will create the new location.
Right?
So this is a different difference when we are allocating string differently.
Now, let us execute the program and check any ways it is going to bring the same thing four times.
Yes.
So in the in output there is no difference.
But the back end is to retry.
So there is a difference with this.
So this is about strings, strings, basics.
So practice this yourself.
There are multiple questions available in problem statement, interview questions have to be on strings
and as well as our previous topic arrays.
So practice that and if you have any doubts, you can ask me.
Thank you for watching.